README.md, before:

# Computer Vision - CS7.505 - Team Zen

**Team Name**: Zen <br>
**Project Topic**: Image-to-Image Translation with Conditional Adversarial Networks <br>
**Project Type**: Generative adversarial networks <br>
**Team Members**

| S. No. | Name | Roll No. | EMail-ID |
| :---- | :---- | :------- | :------- |
| 1 | Avneesh Mishra | 2021701032 | avneesh.mishra@research.iiit.ac.in |
| 2 | M Aditya Sharma | 2021701046 | aditya.sharm@research.iiit.ac.in |
| 3 | Prayushi Mathur | 2021701034 | prayushi.m@research.iiit.ac.in |

## Table of contents

- [Computer Vision - CS7.505 - Team Zen](#computer-vision---cs7505---team-zen)
    - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [Contents](#contents)
        - [Extra files](#extra-files)
    - [About the project](#about-the-project)

## Contents

The contents of this folder are summarized below

| S. No. | Item Name | Description |
| :----- | :-------- | :---------- |
| 1 | [reading](./reading/README.md) folder | All reading material |
| 2 | [res](./res/) folder | All repository resources (utility) |
| 3 | [pix2pix_tutorial.ipynb](./pix2pix_tutorial.ipynb) | Pix2Pix Notebook (cityscapes, image input, segmentation output) |
| 4 | [ada_tf](./ada_tf/) | Pix2Pix training and testing (on Ada) using tensorflow |

### Extra files

Some files that are for the project itself

| S. No. | Item Name | Description |
| :----- | :-------- | :---------- |
| 1 | [CONTRIBUTIONS.md](./CONTRIBUTIONS.md) | For contributors |
| 2 | [TODO.md](./TODO.md) | Task-list for the project |

## About the project

**Main Page**: [phillipi.github.io](https://phillipi.github.io/pix2pix/)

**References**: For the project

- GitHub [phillipi/pix2pix](https://github.com/phillipi/pix2pix) (torch in lua)
- TensorFlow Tutorials: [generative/pix2pix](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/generative/pix2pix)
- PyTorch tutorials: [junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix)

Commit message:

created folder for pytorch training and testing on ADA

README.md, after:

# Computer Vision - CS7.505 - Team Zen

**Team Name**: Zen <br>
**Project Topic**: Image-to-Image Translation with Conditional Adversarial Networks <br>
**Project Type**: Generative adversarial networks <br>
**Team Members**

| S. No. | Name | Roll No. | EMail-ID |
| :---- | :---- | :------- | :------- |
| 1 | Avneesh Mishra | 2021701032 | avneesh.mishra@research.iiit.ac.in |
| 2 | M Aditya Sharma | 2021701046 | aditya.sharm@research.iiit.ac.in |
| 3 | Prayushi Mathur | 2021701034 | prayushi.m@research.iiit.ac.in |

## Table of contents

- [Computer Vision - CS7.505 - Team Zen](#computer-vision---cs7505---team-zen)
    - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
    - [Contents](#contents)
        - [Extra files](#extra-files)
    - [About the project](#about-the-project)

## Contents

The contents of this folder are summarized below

| S. No. | Item Name | Description |
| :----- | :-------- | :---------- |
| 1 | [reading](./reading/README.md) folder | All reading material |
| 2 | [res](./res/) folder | All repository resources (utility) |
| 3 | [pix2pix_tutorial.ipynb](./pix2pix_tutorial.ipynb) | Pix2Pix Notebook (cityscapes, image input, segmentation output) |
| 4 | [ada_tf](./ada_tf/) | Pix2Pix training and testing (on Ada) using tensorflow |
| 4 | [ada_pytorch](./ada_pytorch/) | Pix2Pix training and testing script(on Ada) using pytorch |

### Extra files

Some files that are for the project itself

| S. No. | Item Name | Description |
| :----- | :-------- | :---------- |
| 1 | [CONTRIBUTIONS.md](./CONTRIBUTIONS.md) | For contributors |
| 2 | [TODO.md](./TODO.md) | Task-list for the project |

## About the project

**Main Page**: [phillipi.github.io](https://phillipi.github.io/pix2pix/)

**References**: For the project

- GitHub [phillipi/pix2pix](https://github.com/phillipi/pix2pix) (torch in lua)
- TensorFlow Tutorials: [generative/pix2pix](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/generative/pix2pix)
- PyTorch tutorials: [junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix](https://github.com/junyanz/pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix)
